The Car Crashians

Nope!  Before you think I’m cursing them, I am not.  I am simply acknowledging the common parlance that with the Kardashians, 
it's hard to look away, even if you want to, similar to a car crash.  So yes, I have watched them over the years and I have thoughts.  
In fact, I might have a warning about some self-induced consumption based crashes in the future.  

First of all, I’m only going to talk about a few of them, not the Lot.  The youngest, who I hope can do a big U-turn to avoid 
Unintended Consequence Island.  

Kris knows better than to buy a private jet.  Anyone with money rents luxury, and buys utility especially when it's a HELLUVA 
lot greener and that's cool now too, it seems #greenwashing.

Kendall, the shy one, who has an art studio at home, has a …. Tequila Brand?  Does anyone in celebrity circles ever ask, 
“should we do another one of these?”  I mean, I give a big shout out to Cardi B. If you are doing alcohol, 
make it unique like her ingenious liquor-filled whipped cream line “Whip Shots.” 
It's Booze, it's Playful, it's on Brand, it's Unique.  But Kendall does another Tequila?  
The universal “lets get wasted because I really don't care how I feel tomorrow” booze.  
Even Mezcal could have been more interesting and more impactful to the Mexican economy. [1]  
Clearly she’s not trying to be creative [2], compassionate nor clean-living focused nor sober-curious.  
Getting people hooked on things sort of sucks, Kendall.  
And if you buy Kendall’s Tequila brand, I’m going to think you don’t think for yourself, 
much like she cannot be thinking for herself in this dubious brand endeavor.  

History is not going to look kindly onTequila Fuelled Rowdy Ragers, hopefully.  

Kylie, “which Jet should we take” sorta-not-Scott [3] …oh man, oh man.  This is what I think, and I’m sorry for the weak-stomached 
or rose-colored glasses readers out there, but what will the Kardashians donate to a world war effort?  Would Kyle and Kim both give them 
new multi million dollar private jets to the mission?  Skims to the troops so they are more svelte on command?  
Of course our many-gendered military forces will need plenty of 818 to soothe the wounds of the battlefield - by drinking or disinfecting.  

No I’m serious, when the going gets tough, what will they give?  Just more empty hours of designer television or are they capable of deep work?  
Khloe is definitely in the USO, I mean the whole family should be in the least, continued entertainment.  No matter how many armfuls of 
houses they own between them, and miles they burn in our sky, what really matters is not an IG post, but commitment to be conscious and 
perhaps a bit less conspicuous -- and wait, just wait, maybe if they do a U-turn, they could even start to cooperate.  


All websites referenced //  accessed on 7/26/22 after 5pm ET.  

[1] Mezcal,like Champagne, is only able to be grown in certain areas  
https://tastersclub.com/blogs/articles/mezcal-vs-tequila
[2] 818 is currently being sued for Trademark infringement  
https://www.mashed.com/773655/why-tequila-512-is-suing-kendall-jenners-818-tequila/
[3] Teen Vogue Twitter-Wrap up of Reaction to Kylie’s new jet IG post 
https://www.teenvogue.com/story/kylie-jenner-travis-scott-private-jets
