Your Uber by Target is arriving now!

And it will be free.  In fact, you’ll save money!

As your complimentary Red Uber arrives at whatever suburban street you inhabit, the “Marquis” on top alights with your name.  “Welcome Robin!” Oh, it's free and personalized!  This is really VIP!  She rushes to grab her Target reusable bags, which took her at least 50 solid minutes of sorting amidst all her usable branded bag pile.  But this is her big TARGET day!.  She’s like a Vegas high roller, except she’s just being escorted to her local target.  I suppose you could call her special.  A special target, a person that Target the corporation, had done deep psychological research to understand who would spend more money in store if treated to a complimentary ride.  And of those “clients'' how many live within 10 miles or less of a Target store?  Bingo, Robin not only fit the psychological profile, but her 4.37 mile range from the local Target qualified her for two way complimentary travel (10 miles is the total free miles per “client” per day).  

Robin flung the front door open and ran down her somewhat rickety cobblestone pathway as if she was trying to finish the last 50 yards of the Boston Marathon.  Bags flaring at 90 degrees behind her, the graying brown locks also strewn back from her forward force toward her VIP Vehicle, but for our purposes, it's the Sucker Car.  

What Robin does not comprehend (and Target isnt telling their “Growth Marketing” Secrets!), other than that she’s been psychologically profiled and manipulated without her knowledge or consent, is the potential long term negative impact her highly detailed Target customer profile will have on her and her family’s financial future.

This Free Ride is going to cost a lot more than she can believe on this fateful day.  Wow, how could this be-  she “won” a  “surprise coupon” 25% off of EVERYTHING in the store! The Tablet in the Uber displayed a Wheel Game and our Robin, spun and caught a coupon.  
Well that is fate, I mean it wasn't the 35% top prize but she still “WON!” - right?  [More on that later].  Robin whips out her trusty notepad and starts to write down all the other things she’d like to get for herself, her friends, her family - with this big discount.  As the car (likely driverless) speeds along the suburb outskirts to where the industry parks once thrived, her hand bumps scrimbles into her notepad and she scans her phone and Target App for more deals and even starts to shop and pre-load her cart for arrival.  

In the middle of her self-driven pre e-shopping  “Hello! Robin!”   a voice surrounds her in the back seat of the car  ...  “Robin, It looks like you could use the Target Tablet and we’ll have a free one for you waiting in the store!  The Target Tablet is our newest device in partnership with Tmobile by Meta.  The device is free to special customers like you.  To enable wireless anywhere from Tmobile by Meta which also unlocks new Target VIP levels such as Bronze, Silver, Gold” (Or is it Red Pill, Blue Pill?)


In this frenzied state, our Robin arrives at Target and proceeds to buy up nearly 2/3rds of her last paycheck in stuff.  Lots and lots of stuff.  Just as Target had both predicted and also pre-prositioned or pre-enabled if you will.  

Ever the thoughtful Aunt she bought Glucerna and other diabetic drinks for her niece, the doritos and twizzlers on the other hand were for her mother who was sure to visit at any moment, and Robin would never forget her postman, they have been friends for over 30 years, bought him a few packets of nicorette to keep supporting him in kicking the habit.  
That was just the highlights, but she also had to shop for herself of course!  Off to the homeware aisle she went in search of candles, crockeries and clearance items.  Don’t forget to pick up your “free” Tablet at customer service.  

As Robin approached the register, a voice prompted her to verify her app on the kiosk.  And she did.  The App showed a picture of her, it puzzled Robin, this picture of her, because she was 100% sure she didn't upload it to her Target account. Wait, is that me earlier today?  Indeed, when she “won” her gift in the sponsored Uber they had snapped a picture (without consent, wait, were they listening to her too?) and were using it for her profile in the App now.   

Robin snapped out of her narcissistic trance and clicked the dos and don’ts on the app at the register when up popped this prize - a ride home!  The Red Car bounced like a monopoly piece on a McDonalds commercial and spun happily, animated and energetic as if to say - woohoo Robin, who is the best Target shopper EVER?  Attention Target Shoppers, I’d like to inform you that Robin is the best Target shopper EVER, like EVER, ok EVER EVER.  Good Day”

Whoa, she snapped out of it, or was it the loud voice “hey lady, HEEEY lady can we ring you up?” Robin finally started breathing more regularly, she turned her head to see there was no line in front but someone was behind her, and she was standing at least 2 feet off the back of the conveyor belt.  Frozen.  “Heyyyy, lady over here come thru it's ok!” Ha!  Ok, yes, yes murmured Robin as if she had meant to be extra stand-offish and social distancing until called.  She really played it off like a champ, like she owned the place with her big 25% discount.  The associate even commented on her good luck with that special coupon.  She read Robin the total discount -  $132! Our lucky shopper proudly pushed her cart filled to the brim with .. stuff .. so went to her VIP Uber escort home with her new Target Tablet by Tmobile/Meta.

[Fast Forward 12 months - Robin is in the kitchen opening mail, her partner in another room]

“Hun? Did you see the mail?  Our insurance premium went up! Waaaaay up!  They said we might be smokers who are pre-diabetic, why on earth would they think that?”  Just then Robin’s phone started buzzing with notifications, “20% off Glucerna! Buy One, Get One Nicorette Patches, and the new Doritos Hot Dippers (half chocolate covered flaming hot nacho chip) flavor - limited time only!” 

Robin picked up her phone, at first she cracked a smile since she always loves a good deal.  But a moment later, her face turned puzzled, wait, was this a good deal?  Was Target targeting me?  She thought to herself. Maybe being in the Target Circle (and leaking data) had actually put her out in the cold.  Sometimes convenience has a long term price and loyalty is a double edged discount card.  
